# Meeting Notes
In this file, you are required to take notes for your weekly meetings.
In each meeting, you are required to discuss:


1. What each member has done during the week?
2. Are there challenges or problems? Discuss the possible solutions
3. Plan for the next week for everyone
4. Deviations and changes to the project plan, if any




# Meeting 29.10.2023 14:30-16:30


**Participants**:
1. Artur Brander
2. Aape Hartikainen
3. Jaakko Karhu
4. Jiri Simell


## Summary of works
All of the group members introduced themselves to the project description.
The project description and guidelines were used to create a project plan.


## Challenges


1. It’s a bit difficult to figure out all of the classes and their functions and variables in the UML diagram now at the beginning of the project because there can always be some variables that are left unnoticed which can affect the whole implementation. Thus it’s important to follow and implement the plan carefully and also make corrections and additions to the initial plan if needed throughout the project.


## Actions
1. The group is going to start to work on the main classes of the simulator. Probably need to assure a couple of details about the functionalities from the group assistant.
2. Artur is going to start working on the Road class.
3. Aape is going to start working on the Building and Person classes.
4. Jaakko is going to start working on the Car and Lane classes.
5. Jiri is going to start working on the TrafficLight and Intersection classes.




## Project status
We have familiarized ourselves with the project requirements. The initial plan for the project is completed. We have agreed on how the work is divided and have discussed what classes and functionality we should implement. 


### TODOs
1. Artur: Implement Road class.
2. Aape: Implement Building and Person classes.
3. Jaakko: Implement Car and Lane classes.
4. Jiri: Implement TrafficLight and Intersection classes.
